README.md, before:

# website-example-2
A simple example of HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, and Bootstrap for the 2019 UWB hackathon.

## Features

This repository includes examples of the following web development constructs:

- HTML DOM 
- HTML tags
- CSS in-line styling for elements
- CSS stylesheet rules for styling elements globally
- Use of Bootstrap (CSS library) to enable responsive, mobile-friendly page structure
- Simple example of jQuery to inject content into elements
- Simple examples of Javascript for interactive elements

## Build the Site Locally

To see the site in action, you can use the following toolkits to build the site locally:

#### ngrok

TODO :bug:

#### jekyll

Make sure you have `ruby` and `jekyll` installed. You can find installation instructions [here](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/).

To clone the repository and build the site on Linux, run these commands:

```
$ git clone https://www.github.com/UWB-ACM/website-example-2
Cloning into 'website-example-2'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 5, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
remote: Total 5 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
Unpacking objects: 100% (5/5), done.
$ cd website-example-2/
$ jekyll serve --watch
```

After running these commands, you should be able to navigate to http://127.0.0.1:4000/ in your browser and see the rendered website.

## Questions? Comments? Suggestions?

Open an issue or pull request in the [repository](https://github.com/UWB-ACM/website-example-2).

Commit message:

Added link to ngrok testing instructions Closes #1

README.md, after:

# website-example-2
A simple example of HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, and Bootstrap for the 2019 UWB hackathon.

## Features

This repository includes examples of the following web development constructs:

- HTML DOM 
- HTML tags
- CSS in-line styling for elements
- CSS stylesheet rules for styling elements globally
- Use of Bootstrap (CSS library) to enable responsive, mobile-friendly page structure
- Simple example of jQuery to inject content into elements
- Simple examples of Javascript for interactive elements

## Build the Site Locally

To see the site in action, you can use the following toolkits to build the site locally:

#### ngrok

Details about installing, configuring, and using `ngrok` to test this site are available [here](https://docs.uwbhacks.com/team-tools/ngrok/testing-your-site-with-ngrok).

#### jekyll

Make sure you have `ruby` and `jekyll` installed. You can find installation instructions [here](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/).

To clone the repository and build the site on Linux, run these commands:

```
$ git clone https://www.github.com/UWB-ACM/website-example-2
Cloning into 'website-example-2'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 5, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
remote: Total 5 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
Unpacking objects: 100% (5/5), done.
$ cd website-example-2/
$ jekyll serve --watch
```

After running these commands, you should be able to navigate to http://127.0.0.1:4000/ in your browser and see the rendered website.

## Questions? Comments? Suggestions?

Open an issue or pull request in the [repository](https://github.com/UWB-ACM/website-example-2).
